doc: Add shouldExist for users (#1080)
coreos/ignition: doc/configuration-v3_2_experimental.md

    * **_noUserGroup_** (boolean): whether or not to create a group with the same name as the user. This only has an effect if the account doesn't exist yet.
    * **_noLogInit_** (boolean): whether or not to add the user to the lastlog and faillog databases. This only has an effect if the account doesn't exist yet.
    * **_shell_** (string): the login shell of the new account.

>     * **_shouldExist_** (boolean) If set, the target user will be deleted (if present) and not created.  Defaults to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **_shouldExist_** (boolean) If set, the target user will be deleted (if present) and not created.  Defaults to true.
```

Author: Hah yes thanks!

>     * **_shouldExist_** (boolean) If set to false, the target user will be deleted (if present) and not created.  Defaults to true.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * **_shouldExist_** (boolean) whether or not the user with the specified `name` should exist. If omitted, it defaults to true. If false Ignition will delete the specified user.
```

How about this to more closely match the other `shouldExist` docs lines?
